>> Brian Holt: So right now, we have this
pet component, it's pretty much empty.
I deleted all the content inside of it so
you and
I are gonna rewrite this a little bit so
it looks a little bit nicer.
So this is the pet component's gonna
show in the search results page,
which is gonna be used here
in the results component.
So at name, animal, breed, and
do media, location, and id.
We'll pull those out of the props,
so they're gonna be passed down.
First thing we wanna have is a placeholder
image just in case, cuz some of these
animals don't actually have
>> Brian Holt: Images.
So we're going to use place corgi
which is my favorite place to grab
placeholder images, and
we'll grab a 300 by 300 pixel image, and
then we'll say if(media.length).
So if media,
which is the photos coming in here,
has any length to it, and we'll say, yeah.
If media.length,
then we'll say hero = media,
0 is the first image in here and
the small image inside of it.
So that'll give us either the first
image that we can find or
look at the place corgi.
And then here,
we're going to return, a href, so
this is going to be a link
to the details page,
which will I think will be the next
thing that we'll code up together.
So /details/$  and
className="pet".
Inside of that, we'll put a div
with className="image-container".
>> Brian Holt: And inside of that,
an image where the source is equal to hero
and the alt is equal to
the name of the pet.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, beneath that
we'll have div className="info".
>> Brian Holt: And inside of that,
we'll have an h1 with a name.
>> Brian Holt: And h2, and
here I'm gonna use a template string.
You also can do this
without template strings.
It's kinda up to you, I found this
easier to do with template strings.
So we're gonna put animal
>> Brian Holt: And
then dash and then breed
>> Brian Holt: Then
a dash and location, okay?
>> Brian Holt: So
a lot of React program looks like this,
where it's just constructing markup,
right?
A lot of just front end development
in general kinda looks like this.
But now, if we go back over and
look at our pet component,
this should look a lot more pleasant.
Let's go take a look at the Adopt Me.
We'll search for something,
and you can see here,
we're getting back all sorts of pets.
>> Brian Holt: And
you can see here that these corgi ones,
these are the ones that don't have images.
>> Brian Holt: So go ahead and
jump up to the commit here.
If you're behind, this commit was,
>> Brian Holt: This one here,
async calls to Petfinder API,
update Pet component.
So if you can jump forward to that commit,
you'll be caught up with me.